hello and welcome to tech reviews live
quick tips episode one epic title here
hopefully
now in these short little episodes we're
going to give you a problem that you
might have and then we're going to give
you a solution to this problem using a
product that we found that's going to
fix this problem for you
so episode 1 is about hard drives do you
have millions of hard drives floating on
your house all with different bits of
data on and that you're constantly
swapping between computers your laptops
and you need to really quickly transfer
large amount of files to different hard
drives now I do this and I start my hard
drives around all the time because I
have some hydro-zone main computer that
I'd take them out of a computer which
involves me opening the case up and
grabbing them out and I have to put them
on other computers to transfer data over
because it's so jumbled up and I need a
solution that's going to mean that I
don't have to climb into my case every
time to just insert hard drive in if I
want to transfer data over and so here
comes a solution ready it's coming ah
so our solution to this problem of
having loads of hard drives that you
need to plug in everywhere is going to
be the star tech USB 3.0 2 SATA adapter
cable now what you get here is you get a
really convenient adapter for all sorts
of hard drives your 3.5 your 2.5 zone
your SSDs which is going to allow you to
plug any old hard drive that you have
lying about like this without an
enclosure into your computers via USB 3
so the advantage of USB 3 is it's going
to be super fast a lot faster than USB 2
or USB 1 so we're going to see what you
get in the StarTek USB 3 2 SATA adapter
which allows you to do this in the start
accuse b32 saturated up here box you get
the adapter cable itself which is the
interface between the hard drive and the
cables with an on button and power
button which we'll show you later and
below this you have the power brick for
powering the hard drive underneath this
layer of items and you have the power
brick brick that comes with the plug to
plug it into the adapter cable you have
the UK into the power brick and which
obviously depends on which country
buying it we share power will include
and you have the all-important USB 3
cable
there is also an included driver CD but
this isn't necessary as this unit is
plug and play okay so here's how you're
going to connect your hard drive using
the star tech adapter so first we're
going to take the power supply that you
get I will the power plug you can power
plug and plug this into the power brick
like so then you're going to take the
other end of the power brick and this is
going to go into the starting adapter
itself and then there's only one way you
can fit up so that goes in no problem
like so then after that we're going to
insert the hard drive now this is a
satyr it up so you're going to want to
plug it into the SATA side of your hard
drive and it goes in really simply like
so this adapter does cover the power
ports and also the SATA connections
there then the final step is to take the
fat end of your included USB 3 cable and
plug it into the blue port on the side
of the StarTAC adapter and then this can
go into USB 3 so the inner all connected
once this is plugged into your computer
then you want to make sure the powers on
and you also want to press this power
button just press it and it
light will turn on so well in all guys
you have loads of these harder floating
around your house I need a quick way to
cook them up to computers this is going
to be the thing to do for 35 quid you
can pick one up really easily it's a
really simple design really small does a
job the USB 3 6 super fast and easy
solution to the problem so this is
anistar tech USB 3.0 2 SATA adapter
cable and look out for more quick tips
on the way from tech of use live so
subscribe if you want more and we'll see
you later guys email me at Sam a
detective is over comm bye so let's see
what the star tech USB 3 2 SATA adapter
cable in system consists of bugger
insists